Split attribution rate-limit into separate event & aggregate rate-limits (#1211)
WICG/attribution-reporting-api: flexible_event_config.md

  "trigger_summary_bucket": [5, 9]
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Please leave this blank line.

  "trigger_summary_bucket": [5, 9]
}
```

> Instead of these triggers being counted as 3 attributions from rate-limit perspective, they will be only counted as 1 attribution because 1 

Reviewer: This sentence is incomplete.

Author: Removed the line.

We encourage developers to suggest different use cases they may have for this API extension, and we will update this explainer with sample configurations for those use cases.

## Attribution Rate Limit

> Attribution rate-limit behavior will be based on the numbers of reports generated rather than number of triggers that lead to report generation. For example: The 1st report in the [Reporting trigger value buckets](#reporting-trigger-value-buckets) example will be counted as 1 contribution towards the [max attribution per rate-limit window](https://wicg.github.io/attribution-reporting-api/#max-attributions-per-rate-limit-window) limit despite it being a result of contributions from 3 triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attribution rate-limit behavior will be based on the number of reports generated rather than the number of triggers that lead to report generation. For example: The first report in the ["Reporting trigger value buckets"](#reporting-trigger-value-buckets) example will be counted as 1 contribution towards the [max attribution per rate-limit window](https://wicg.github.io/attribution-reporting-api/#max-attributions-per-rate-limit-window) limit despite it being the result of contributions from 3 triggers.
```

We encourage developers to suggest different use cases they may have for this API extension, and we will update this explainer with sample configurations for those use cases.

## Attribution Rate Limit

> Attribution rate-limit behavior will be based on the numbers of reports generated rather than number of triggers that lead to report generation. For example: The 1st report in the [Reporting trigger value buckets](#reporting-trigger-value-buckets) example will be counted as 1 contribution towards the [max attribution per rate-limit window](https://wicg.github.io/attribution-reporting-api/#max-attributions-per-rate-limit-window) limit despite it being a result of contributions from 3 triggers.

Reviewer: If Full Flex is accepted, would it make more sense to rename this limit to reflect that it is report-based, rather than attribution-based? The current naming is confusing.

Author: Yes, I think so. Maybe something on the lines of max reported-attributions, max reported-conversions or just max reports.

Reviewer 2: I'd support renaming it already.

Reviewer 3: One caveat with "max reports" is the fake event-level reports, for which we only count 1 regardless of how many fake reports it creates.

Author: Does `max reported-attributions per rate limit window` sound good to everyone? @linnan-github , @apasel422 & @giladbarkan-github

Reviewer 2: Fine with me. Renaming it all here could be a big change, though. I assume we'd do it after?

Author: Ack. Doing it in a follow-up sounds good to me.

> Attribution rate-limit behavior will be based on the number of reports generated rather than the number of triggers that lead to report generation. For example: The first report in the ["Reporting trigger value buckets"](#reporting-trigger-value-buckets) example will be counted as 1 contribution towards the [max attribution per rate-limit window](https://wicg.github.io/attribution-reporting-api/#max-attributions-per-rate-limit-window) limit despite it being the result of contributions from 3 triggers.

Reviewer 2: In this PR state, https://pr-preview.s3.amazonaws.com/vikassahu29/attribution-reporting-api/pull/1211.html#max-attributions-per-rate-limit-window doesn't seem to have language about applying to different scopes. Should we add some?
